DOCSP-33481: Update BSONOptions Example (#305)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/bson.txt

-----------

In Go, a **struct** is a collection of data fields with declared data

> types. The {+driver-short+} can marshal/unmarshal structs and other native Go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
types. The {+driver-short+} can marshal and unmarshal structs and other native Go
```

> types to/from BSON using a `configurable codec system <{+api+}/bson/bsoncodec>`_.

Reviewer: I: not sure its convention to use slashes
```suggestion
types to and from BSON using a `configurable codec system <{+api+}/bson/bsoncodec>`_.
```

> types to and from BSON by using a `configurable codec system <{+api+}/bson/bsoncodec>`_.

Author: Good to know, I've taken that sentence out

You can modify the default marshalling and unmarshalling behavior of the

> {+driver-short+} using **struct tags**, which are optional pieces of metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{+driver-short+} by using **struct tags**, which are optional pieces of metadata
```

> {+driver-short+} by using **struct tags**, which are optional pieces of metadata

Reviewer 2: This kinda makes it sound like the only way to modify BSON marshaling and unmarshaling behavior is using struct tags. However, users can also use `BSONOptions` to modify default marshaling/unmarshaling behavior. Generally struct tags are for modifying the marshaling/unmarshaling behavior of a single struct field and `BSONOptions` are for modifying the marshaling/unmarshaling behavior of an entire `Client`. Is there a way to clarify that?

Author: Edited to clarify this (both here and in the BSON options section)

attached to struct fields. The most common use of struct tags is for specifying
the field name in the BSON document that corresponds to the struct field.
The following table describes the additional struct tags that you can

> use with the {+driver-short+}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use in the {+driver-short+}:
```

types. The Go Driver can marshal/unmarshal structs and other native Go
types to/from BSON using a `configurable codec system <{+api+}/bson/bsoncodec>`_.

You can modify the default marshalling and unmarshalling behavior of the Go
Driver using **struct tags**, which are optional pieces of metadata attached

> to struct fields. The most common use of struct tags is for specifying the

Reviewer: S: use source constant where possible

     - If the field type is a struct or map field, the field will be
       flattened when marshalling and unflattened when unmarshalling.

> Without additional instruction from struct tags, the {+driver-short+} will marshal
> structs using the following rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify struct tags, the {+driver-short+} marshals
structs by using the following rules:
```

BSON Options
------------

You can specify a ``BSONOptions`` instance to set BSON options on your ``Client``.
BSON options adjust how the driver marshals and unmarshals BSON data.

> This example specifies the following ``BSONOptions`` struct fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example specifies the following ``BSONOptions`` configuration:
```

> - ``UseJSONStructTags``, which instructs the driver to use the ``"json"``
>   struct tag if a ``"bson"`` struct tag is not specified
> - ``DefaultDocumentD``, which instructs the driver to always unmarshal documents
>   into the ``primitive.D`` type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sets ``UseJSONStructTags`` to ``true``, which instructs the driver to use the ``"json"``
  struct tag if a ``"bson"`` struct tag is not specified
- Sets ``DefaultDocumentD`` to ``true``, which instructs the driver to always unmarshal documents
  into the ``primitive.D`` type
```

The following example uses the ``SetBSONOptions()`` method with a ``BSONOptions``
parameter to specify a ``ClientOptions`` instance:

.. code-block:: go

   bsonOpts := &options.BSONOptions {
       UseJSONStructTags: true,
       DefaultDocumentD: true,
   }

   clientOpts := options.Client().

>        ApplyURI("mongodb://localhost:27017").

Reviewer: S: follow convention 
```suggestion
       ApplyURI("<connection string>").
```

       SetBSONOptions(bsonOpts)

   client, err := mongo.Connect(context.TODO(), clientOpts)

> .. tip::    

Reviewer: I: this tip does not actually link to the BSONOptions API documentation. Can you rewrite this tip so that it links to the API documentation and the BSONOptions example (making link text clear though eg To learn more about the type, see api documentation. To see an example, <link to example>)

BSON Options
------------

You can create a ``BSONOptions`` instance to set BSON options on your ``Client``.
BSON options adjust how the driver marshals and unmarshals BSON data.

This example performs the following actions:

- Creates a ``BSONOptions`` instance by configuring the following settings:
  
  - Sets the ``UseJSONStructTags`` field to ``true``, which instructs the driver
    to use the ``"json"`` struct tag if a ``"bson"`` struct tag is not specified
  - Sets the ``DefaultDocumentD`` field to ``true``, which instructs the driver

>     to always unmarshal documents into the ``primitive.D`` type

Reviewer 2: This option will become the default behavior in Go Driver 2.0, so it may not be the best example to use if forward-compatibility is a concern. Is there a specific motivation to demonstrate setting `DefaultDocumentD`?

Author: Thanks for this information! There was no specific reason for choosing DefaultDocumentD, I just wanted to show a couple different BSONOptions fields. I've changed this field to the OmitZeroStruct field if that works better.

BSON Options
------------

> You can specify a ``BSONOptions`` instance to set BSON options on your ``Client``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a ``BSONOptions`` instance to set BSON options on your ``Client``.
```

BSON options adjust how the driver marshals and unmarshals BSON data.

> This example specifies the following ``BSONOptions`` configuration:
> 
> - The ``UseJSONStructTags`` field is set to ``true``, which instructs the driver to
>   use the ``"json"`` struct tag if a ``"bson"`` struct tag is not specified.
> - The ``DefaultDocumentD`` field is set to ``true``, which instructs the driver to
>   always unmarshal documents into the ``primitive.D`` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example performs the follow actions when configuring a ``BSONOptions`` instance:

- Sets the ``UseJSONStructTags`` field to ``true``, which instructs the driver to
  use the ``json`` struct tag if a ``bson`` struct tag is not specified.
- Sets the ``DefaultDocumentD`` field to ``true``, which instructs the driver to
  always unmarshal documents into the ``primitive.D`` type.
```

The following example uses the ``SetBSONOptions()`` method with a ``BSONOptions``
parameter to specify a ``ClientOptions`` instance:

.. code-block:: go

   bsonOpts := &options.BSONOptions {
       UseJSONStructTags: true,
       DefaultDocumentD: true,
   }

   clientOpts := options.Client().
       ApplyURI("<connection string>").
       SetBSONOptions(bsonOpts)

   client, err := mongo.Connect(context.TODO(), clientOpts)

.. tip::    

   To learn more about the ``BSONOptions`` type, see the
   `BSONOptions API documentation <{+api+}/mongo/options#BSONOptions>`__.

>    For an example that configures a ``BSONOptions`` instance, see the
>    `API documentation example <{+api+}/mongo#example-Connect-BSONOptions>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For an example that specifies a ``BSONOptions`` instance and creates a client with these options, see the
   `Connect() BSONOptions example <{+api+}/mongo#example-Connect-BSONOptions>`__.
```
